Hey
Havana‚ ooh na na
Half of my heart is in
He took me back to East
Atlanta‚ na na na
All of my heart is in Havana
There′s somethin′ ′bout his manners
Havana‚ ooh na na
He didn′t walk up with
that how you doin′?
(When he came in the room)
He said there′s a lot of
girls I can do with
(But I can′t without you)
I am doin′ forever in a minute
(That summer night in June)
And papa says he got malo in him
He got me feelin′ like
ooh ooh ooh‚ I knew it when I met him
I loved him when I left him
Got me feelin′ like
ooh ooh ooh‚ and then
I had to tell him
I had to go‚ oh na na na na na
Havana‚ ooh na na
Half of my heart is in
He took me back to East
Atlanta‚ na na na
All of my heart is in Havana
My heart is in Havana
Havana‚ ooh na na
Jeffery
Just graduated‚ fresh on campus‚ mm
Fresh out East Atlanta with
no manners‚ damn
Fresh out East Atlanta
Bump on her bumper like a traffic jam
Hey‚ I was quick to pay this girl like
Uncle Sam (here you go‚ ayy)
Back it on me‚ shawty cravin′ on me
Get to diggin′ on me (on me)
She waited on me (then what?)
Shawty cakin′ on me‚ got the
bacon on me (wait up)
This is history in the
makin′ on me (on me)
Point blank‚ close range‚ that B
If it cost a million‚ that′s
me (that′s me)
I was gettin′ mula‚ man they feel me
Havana‚ ooh na na
Half of my heart is in
He took me back to East Atlanta‚
na na na (oh no)
All of my heart is in Havana
My heart is in Havana
Havana‚ ooh na na
Ooh na na‚ oh na na na
Take me back‚ back‚ back like
Ooh na na‚ oh na na na (yeah‚ baby)
Ooh na na‚ oh na na na
Take me back‚ back‚ back like
Ooh na na‚ oh na na na (yea‚ baby)
Take me back‚ back‚ back
ooh ooh ooh
Take me back to my Havana
Havana‚ ooh na na
Half of my heart is in
He took me back to East
Atlanta‚ na na na
All of my heart is in Havana
My heart is in Havana
Havana‚ ooh na na
Uh huh
Oh na na na
No‚ no‚ no‚ take me back
Havana‚ ooh na na